# may 31, 2020 - pulled pork fire test & feeding the family

### meat:
- 8 lb pork butt

### wood:
- Cherry

### start time:
- 9:00 am est

---

#### pork rub:
- 2 tbs coarse ground pepper
- 2 tbs kosher salt
- 1 tsp onion powder
- 1 tsp garlic powder
- 1 tbs paprika

### the cook
we typically try to cook one or two meals a week that produce leftovers that can be used in a myriad of ways. So today, I'm preparing some pulled pork.  Not only does it provide good food, but it lets me practice my fire maintenance.  So, while we're waiting for the cost of brisket to come down, the meat I really want to cook. Lately, I'm practicing fire management with pork.

What I've learned so far with this cooker is that I have to build a slightly larger fire than my last cooker.  This makes sense because it is larger. Still, another thing I am happy to see is that because the cooker is slightly larger, I'm seeing more consistent temperatures for more extended periods.  This could also be because the metal is also thicker, which insulates and holds temp better.

#### fire management
I typically start the grill with a chimney of charcoal and add two logs for the fire. This will hold temp and burn for about 45 minutes to an hour. The last cook, I played with adding one or two logs per hour, my previous cooker I could add a log every hour to every ninety minutes. With this cooker, it's become clear adding one log every hour or so will hold a consistent temperature of around 300 degrees.  I'm okay with that!
